Update CHANGELOG for release 0.6.0 (#51)
DataDog/terraform-datadog-agentless-scanner: CHANGELOG.md

## Terraform 0.8.0

> - The `scanner_role` identifier was renamed to `scanner_roles`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `scanner_role` (string) variable was replaced by the `scanner_roles` (list) variable.
```

Author: Done.
